Tilde tutorial: How cards work grammar fixes (#403)
Umuzi-org/ACN-syllabus: content/topics/tilde/different-kinds-of-cards/_index.md

Once you say you are finished with a topic then the card will move into either the "Review" or "Complete" column.

Most topics will move straight to Complete, and others will need some kind of verification. For example, if a topic instructs you to go and do some external course on Coursera, then when you say you are finished a staff member will double-check. They might ask you to prove that you worked through the course, they might give you a test to complete, they might just have a chat with you.
### Projects

This is where the magic happens.

Projects are deliverables. We need to see you demonstrate your skills. By submitting projects (and reviewing other people's work) you will move through the course and prove your competence.

> Projects come in two different forms: Link projects and Repo projects. These behave a little bit different to each other. We'll go into detail and demonstrate those differences by actually doing a few projects and moving them to Complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects come in two different forms: Link projects and Repo projects. These behave a little bit different to each other. We'll go into detail and demonstrate those differences by actually doing a few projects and moving them to the complete column.
```

> If you are writing code, you'll be working a lot with repo projects. If you are a non-tech person (e.g., if you are focusing on UX, strat, or something low-code) then you won't need to worry about repo projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are writing code, you'll be working a lot with repo projects. If you are a non-tech person (for example, if you are focusing on UX, strat, or something low-code) then you won't need to worry about repo projects.
```
